1.	“You are in danger of living a life so comfortable and soft, that you will die without ever realizing your true potential.”
2.	“Suffering is the true test of life.”
3.	“The only easy day was yesterday.”
4.	“We have the ability to go in such a space, if you’re willing to suffer, and I mean suffer, your brain and body once connected can do anything.”
5.	“Motivation is crap. Motivation comes and goes. When you’re driven, whatever is in front of you will get destroyed.”
6.	“You have to build calluses on your brain just like how you build calluses on your hands.”
7.	“The most important conversation is the one you have with yourself.”
8.	“Be more than motivated, be more than driven, become literally obsessed to the point where people think you’re fucking nuts.”
9.	“Everybody wants a quick fix. But it’s about who can endure the longest.”
10.	“When you think you’re done, you’re only at 40% of your body’s capability.”
11.	Discipline is the ultimate key to success.”
12.	“Arrogance breeds complacency, complacency breeds failure.”
13.	“Success is always on the other side of hard work and dedication.”
14.	“If you want to be successful, you must be willing to sacrifice comfort.”
15.	“The only thing that stands between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.”
16.	“Losers live in their past. Winners learn from their past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.”
17.	“Being average is a choice.”
18.	“Excuses are the nails used to build a house of failure.”
19.	“Winning requires hard work, patience, and the refusal to settle.”
20.	“Comfort is the enemy of success.”


21.	When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.”
22.	“Persistence is very important. You should not give up unless you are forced to give up.”
23.	“Some people don’t like change, but you need to embrace change if the alternative is disaster.”
24.	“If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better, it is a bright day. Otherwise, it’s not.”
25.	“I think it is possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary.”
26.	“Work like hell. I mean you just have to put in 80 to 100 hour weeks every week.”
27.	“Failure is an option here. If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough.”
28.	“Don’t confuse schooling with education. I didn’t go to Harvard but the people that work for me did.”
29.	“The first step is to establish that something is possible; then probability will occur.”
30.	“It’s OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket.”
31.	“Great companies are built on great products.”
32.	“You have to be pretty driven to make it happen. Otherwise, you will just make yourself miserable.”
33.	“Starting and growing a business is as much about the innovation, drive, and determination of the people behind it as the product they sell.”
34.	“People should pursue what they’re passionate about. That will make them happier than pretty much anything else.”
35.	“If something’s important enough, you should try, even if you— the probable outcome is failure.”
36.	“I think it is possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary.”
37.	“There have to be reasons that you get up in the morning and you want to live.”
38.	“Being an entrepreneur is like eating glass and staring into the abyss of death.”
39.	“I could either watch it happen or be a part of it.”
40.	“Patience is a virtue, and I’m learning patience. It’s a tough lesson.”
41.	Sun Tzu – “Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.”
42.	Napoleon Bonaparte – “Victory belongs to the most persevering.”
43.	General George S. Patton – “Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.”
44.	Dwight D. Eisenhower – “In preparing for battle, I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.”
45.	Douglas MacArthur – “There is no security on this earth; there is only opportunity.”
46.	Theodore Roosevelt – “It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.”
47.	Chester W. Nimitz – “Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.”
48.	Colin Powell – “There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.”
49.	Alexander the Great – “There is nothing impossible to him who will try.”
50.	Admiral Horatio Nelson – “I have always been of the opinion that a person’s character is formed by the challenges they face.”
51.	Erwin Rommel – “Sweat saves blood, blood saves lives, and brains save both.”
52.	Bernard Montgomery – “The brave die never, though they sleep in dust: Their courage nerves a thousand living men.”
53.	Horace – “He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.”
54.	Carl von Clausewitz – “No battle plan survives first contact with the enemy.”
55.	John Paul Jones – “I wish to have no connection with any ship that does not sail fast; for I intend to go in harm’s way.”
56.	George Washington – “Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all.”
57.	Norman Schwarzkopf – “The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.”
58.	Julius Caesar – “If you must break the law, do it to seize power: in all other cases observe it.”
59.	T. E. Lawrence – “All men dream: but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds wake in the day to find that it was vanity.”
60.	Arthur Wellesley (Duke of Wellington) – “The most dangerous moment comes with victory.”

